75 Update SDK documentation (#85)
casper-ecosystem/cep18: client-js/README.md

```ts
const deploy = cep18.increaseAllowance(
      {
        spender,
        amount
      },
      5_000_000_000,
      owner.publicKey,
      NETWORK_NAME,
      [owner]
    );
```

```ts
const deploy = cep18.decreaseAllowance(
      {
        spender,
        amount
      },
      5_000_000_000,
      owner.publicKey,
      NETWORK_NAME,
      [owner]
    );
```

**Minting Tokens**

Mint tokens and assign them to a recipient:

```ts
const deploy = cep18.mint(
      {
        owner: recipient,
        amount
      },
      5_000_000_000,
      owner.publicKey,
      NETWORK_NAME,
      [owner]
    );
```

**Burning Tokens**

Burn tokens and reduce them from the owner's account:

```ts
const deploy = cep18.burn(
      {
        owner: recipient,
        amount
      },
      5_000_000_000,
      owner.publicKey,
      NETWORK_NAME,
      [owner]
    );
```

**Changing User Security**

```ts
const minterList = [ali.publicKey];
const burnerList = [ali.publicKey, bob.publicKey];
const deploy = cep18.changeSecurity(
  {
    adminList: [owner.publicKey],
    minterList,
    burnerList
  },
  5_000_000_000,
  owner.publicKey,
  NETWORK_NAME,
  [owner]
);
```

## Event Handling

> The CEP-18 token supports the [Casper Event Standard (CES)](https://github.com/make-software/casper-event-standard), and the token can be installed with or without event logging as described [here](../cep18/README.md#eventsmode). If you install the token with the EventsMode set to CES, you can listen to token events using the `EventStream` from the `casper-js-sdk`. To consume token events, you should also install the `@make-software/ces-js-parser` by running this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CEP-18 tokens support the [Casper Event Standard (CES)](https://github.com/make-software/casper-event-standard), and tokens can be installed with or without event logging as described [here](../cep18/README.md#eventsmode). If you install a token with the EventsMode set to CES, you can listen to token events using the `EventStream` from the `casper-js-sdk`. To consume token events, you should also install the `@make-software/ces-js-parser` by running this command:
```

Something about "The CEP-18 token supports the Casper Event Standard" feels off to me, and I can't quite put my finger on it.

  [ownerAsymmetricKey]
);
```

**Allowances**

Return the number of owner’s tokens allowed to be spent by spender:

```ts
const allowance = await cep18.allowances(
  ownersPublicKey,
  spenderPublicKey
);
```

To increase or decrease the spender's allowance, use the following methods:

```ts
const deploy = cep18.increaseAllowance(
      {
        spender,
        amount
      },
      5_000_000_000,
      owner.publicKey,
      NETWORK_NAME,
      [owner]
    );
```

```ts
const deploy = cep18.decreaseAllowance(
      {
        spender,
        amount
      },
      5_000_000_000,
      owner.publicKey,
      NETWORK_NAME,
      [owner]
    );
```

**Minting Tokens**

Mint tokens and assign them to a recipient:

```ts
const deploy = cep18.mint(
      {
        owner: recipient,
        amount
      },
      5_000_000_000,
      owner.publicKey,
      NETWORK_NAME,
      [owner]
    );
```

**Burning Tokens**

Burn tokens and reduce them from the owner's account:

```ts
const deploy = cep18.burn(
      {
        owner: recipient,
        amount
      },
      5_000_000_000,
      owner.publicKey,
      NETWORK_NAME,
      [owner]
    );
```

**Changing User Security**

```ts

> it('should construct changeSecurity args properly', () => {

Reviewer 2: please remove this line :)

Author: Done, thanks for catching this!
